I don't want to look like a heavily
laden Pro my ideal is to look look like
an amateur for a Travel Photographer
that's a that's a good thing because you
know we're we're we're dropped behind
the lines of foreign cultures and we're
made to tell stories about those
cultures and bring them back home and so
a smaller camera has been a part of my
kit since the very beginning the less of
obtrusive that can be the better my
pictures are I don't like to tie them up
forever I feel like the best
communication comes early on when we
make that connection I make my shots and
I'm out of there so being able to work
quickly and efficiently is a an
important part of the way I work yeah
you know talking about favourite images
is hard it's like trying to pick your
favorite child you know you love them
all kind of thing but uh but the image
is that that I that I treasure are the
ones that I've worked hardest to
overcome whatever those barriers are the
picture of the the men bathing in what's
called the Blue Lagoon was the runoff
pond from a geothermal energy plant I
can remember the camera and it was my my
fm2 in a 24 f2 and I got in the water
and I got closer and closer to these
guys and I made this environmental
portrait of them with this with the
space station looking thing in the back
in the water and it was just a very very
bizarre very unique image if I were able
to take this picture today with today's
technology with the df' I would have
been able to ascertain that I had the
right exposure and the right look
without running through two or three
rolls of film and I would have behaved
through the job faster and get out of
there a little faster I think the
tradition of different film stocks for
different looks does translate into the
digital world because I discovered an
icons picture controls a couple of years
ago for many years in the beginning I
was shooting only raw and making all my
own JPEGs and then I started shooting
raw plus JPEG and when I noticed that I
could
actually fine-tune the look of the JPEG
that came out of a camera I started
thinking of these different picture
controls as different film stocks so by
thinking in terms of film stocks I think
it does translate over into the digital
world especially with those picture
controls a great camera is one that's
almost transparent and it's use it has
to be light it has to be simple it has
to let me do everything I need to do but
not bog me down with a lot of bells and
whistles that I personally don't need I
don't think this camera forced me to
change much of the way I was working at
all I could glance down see my my
shutter and all that kind of stuff and
and and I was it was like the film days
so I was more in the moment I felt I
think it helped me work more in the
moment but I don't think it slowed me
down in the least the fact I think it
made me a little more streamlined I had
one day with the D if I was overseas
that came back the prototype was their
side so I had to shoot in my backyard
and my backyard was in Bucks County
Pennsylvania I went out and sought out
some people's situations and one of the
people I sought out was my buddy Jeff
Kline who's a pretty well-known blues
musician down in the Philadelphia area
and he's got a wild old shop that's been
in his family since his great
grandfather an old guitar shop but I
felt with the df' that man I was right
up to speed after an hour so the df'
feels like it has that film camera feel
to me and and everything just falls
under the right fingers and and it just
felt immediately comfortable I did not
have that much time to to learn my way
around this camera and it just it just
felt comfortable like a like a nicely
broken-in hiking boot you know I knew
exactly where I was and and what I
needed to do and it was so refreshing to
look down and see those shutter speeds
and stuff like that it was like wow you
know this is what I remember from the
old days and yet you know as I say the
results were totally modern and
contemporary and in fact
for me a perfect image has to have three
elements it has to have great
composition it has to have great light
and it has to have a sense of moment
when those three elements come together
there's a communication there's you know
we're slicing off a minute of time or a
fraction of time in worship we're
holding it up to show and when those
three elements all come together in a
single frame that for me is the perfect
image